docs: added information about difference between default_rollup and last_over_time (#6282)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/MetricsQL.md

`default_rollup(series_selector[d])` is a [rollup function](#rollup-functions), which returns the last [raw sample](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/keyconcepts/#raw-samples)
value on the given lookbehind window `d` per each time series returned from the given [series_selector](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/keyconcepts/#filtering).

> Comparing to `last_over_time` it doesn't drop stale values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Compared to [last_over_time](last_over_time) it accounts for [staleness markers](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmagent/#prometheus-staleness-markers) to detect stale series.
```
